= About

bwkfanboy is a converter from a raw HTML to an Atom feed. You can use it
to watch sites that do not provide its own feed.

The converter is not a magick tool: you'll need to write a plugin (in
Ruby) for each site you want to watch. bwkfanboy gives guidelines and
general assistance.

(Plugins from version 1.1.4 are *incompatible* with the 0.1.x
series. Please reread in doc/plugin.rdoc the example of the skeleton
plugin.)

= Included Plugins

  NAME                 VER DESCRIPTION

  bwk                    2 Brian Kernighan's articles from Daily Princetonian
  freebsd-ports-update   3 News from FreeBSD ports
  inc                    1 Articles (per-user) from inc.com
  econlib                1 Latest articles from econlib.org


= Installation

The easiest way is to type:

  # gem install bwkfanboy

Beware that plugins above are usually updated more frequently than the
whole gem on rubygems.org, so grab the source before struggling with a
particular plugin.

If the setup with <tt>gem install ...</tt> fails, go to
https://rubygems.org/gems/bwkfanboy and click 'Download' link, save the
file and run:

  # gem install -l /where/is/your/bwkfanboy-x.y.z.gem

= Architecture

== Plugins

The plugin is a Ruby class +Page+ that inherits Bwkfanboy::Parse parent,
overriding 1 method.

Plugins can be in system

  `gem env gemdir`/gems/bwkfanboy-x.y.z/lib/bwkfanboy/plugins

or user's home

  ~/.bwkfanboy/plugins

directory.

== Pipeline

The program consists of 4 parts:

0. *bwkfanboy* script that takes 1 parameter: the name of a file in
   plugins directories (without the .rb suffix). So, for example to get
   an atom feed from dailyprincetonian.com, you type:

     % bwkfanboy bwk

   and it will load
   <tt>/usr/local/lib/ruby/gems/1.9/gems/bwkfanboy-0.0.1/lib/bwkfanboy/plugins/bwk.rb</tt>
   file on my FreeBSD machine, fetch and parse the html from
   dailyprincetonian.com and generate the required feed, dumping it to
   stdout.

   The script is just a convenient wrapper for 3 separate utils.

1. *bwkfanboy_fetch*

   Reads 1 line from stdin for the URL to fetch from. The result will be
   dumped to stdout.

2. *bwkfanboy_parse*

   Takes 1 parameter: <em>a full path</em> to a plugin file.

   This util reads stdin, expecting it to be a xhtml, parses it and
   dumps the result to stdout in JSON-formatted object.

3. *bwkfanboy_generate*

   Reads stdin expecting it to be a proper JSON-formatted object.

   The result will be an Atom feed dumped to stdout in UTF-8.

So, without the wrapper all this together looks like:

  % echo http://example.org | bwkfanboy_fetch | 
  	bwkfanboy_parse /path/to/my/plugin.rb | bwkfanboy_generate

== Log

All utils write to <tt>/tmp/bwkfanboy/USER/log/general.log</tt> file if
permissions allows it.

== HTTP

There are 2 method to get an Atom feed via HTTP:

1. <tt>web/bwkfanboy.cgi</tt> (from the program tarball), which you may
   copy to your Apache cgi directory and run it. This prohibits you from
   using HOME directory for your own plugins. Also the cgi script
   requires some manual editing (setting 1 variable in it) before even
   you can start utilizing it.

2. Small *bwkfanboy_server* HTTP server. It can run from any user and
   thus is able to inherit env variables for discovering your HOME
   directory. Read doc/bwkfanboy_server.rdoc to know how to operate it.

= License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Alexander Gromnitsky.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

